Add Support for Disabling Introspection Queries (#887)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-graphql: docs/spec/spec.md

}
```

#### 9.1.7 Introspection Configurations

The `introspectionEnabled` field is used to enable or disable the GraphQL introspection query support. If the introspection query support is disabled, the GraphQL service won't allow the execution of the `__schema` and the `__type` introspection queries. However, the `__typename` introspection will work even if the introspection query support is disabled.

> ###### Example: Disable Introspection Query Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion

###### Example: Disable Introspection Query Support
```

Author: Fixed via https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-graphql/pull/939/commits/00766689c933cd8e23fb2a3a01ac4b03fe7f2fc3

}
```

#### 9.1.7 Introspection Configurations

> The `enableIntrospection` field is used to enable or disable the GraphQL `Introspection` query support. If the introspection query support is disabled, the GraphQL service won't allow to execute `__schema` and `__type` introspection queries. However, the `__typename` introspection is working even if the introspection query support is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `enableIntrospection` field is used to enable or disable the GraphQL introspection query support. If the introspection query support is disabled, the GraphQL service won't allow the execution of the `__schema` and the `__type` introspection queries. However, the `__typename` introspection will work even if the introspection query support is disabled.

> **Note:** By default, a Ballerina GraphQL service will enable introspection query support. It is recommended to disable introspection in production environments.
```
